clarify setup for static libraries (#935)
knurling-rs/defmt: book/src/setup.md

]
```

> Note :
> If you intend on linking your project as a **static library** the linkerscript contents should be applied to the final binary.

> > Applying `defmt.x` to the static lib has no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Adding the `-C link-arg=` option to static libraries has no effect because they are only archived, not linked.
```
